Does anyone want to take me through,
anyone want to treat me like a small
child and tell me what to do?
What are we doing?
>> So first we need some sort of state
to hold the current state of this input.
>> Okay, what should I call of that?
>> Let's say useState, for example.
>> Good, What should I set it to?
>> Let's set it for 0 for now.
>> 0, I like that, I'm signed on to that.
And you'll call it count?
>> All right, yeah.
>> Yeah, so, All right,
we've got that in place
>> They don't need to wind this value to
the input?
>> Yep.
All right.
>> And kind of only change that value.
>> So whenever it changes, we'll go-
>> And set the count whenever that change.
The target value, All right?
>> And then on submit you need to kind
of dispatch the set action to the store.
>> Call, so I'll call on useDispatch?
>> useDispatch.
>> So you've got useDispatch.
And when the form is submitted
we will go ahead and
we'll dispatch the set of count, right?
And we'll do with the count.
>> That's okay.
>> Awesome, so let's go ahead.
Let's change this to, I don't know, 45.
And it works.
We've got the ability to
dispatch from a form now.
Did anyone get to the little extension,
which is, could I sync these two up?
Right, cuz it's a little string, yeah?
>> We should pass our state to the initial
state of the set counter component.
>> Whoa, I like this.
So we'll put in that, Initial count.
Is that useSelector then?
Cool, so we've got that and
I'll pass it in.
All right, so I guess that gives it
an initial load which will work.
The one thing that I did to keep it
up to date, did anyone get that part?
Or I can do the [CROSSTALK] down.
>> You need to have some
sort of useEffect on
it cuz-
>> Yep.
>> Whenever that changed, the whole code
actually update the initial count.
>> So what we can say is useEffect and
we'll say pass in a function,
And we'll set the count
that we made earlier with,
well, let's call this one
count from store now.
Cuz it's not really initial count anymore.
And so here we will set it to,
Count from store.
And we'll do that whenever
count from store changes.
All right, so we've got that in place.
So now we'll get it there initially.
And it'll also change whenever
the one in the Redux changes, but
we can also modify it as well and
change it ourselves, right?
So those are some of the peculiarities.
So we've already mastered React.
Well, yeah, React II,
we've taken all of the courses.
And we've mastered Redux as well.
So now the big kind of last mile for
us is all the kind of,
how do they end to actually
interact with each other.
In this case, we can still use components
state to achieve certain features
that we need to achieve that maybe,
just React or
just Redux by itself isn't
necessarily gonna support.
Let's just talk about a few small kind
of refactoring that we could do here.
And to be clear, I'm not necessarily
sure that you need to do all of them.
I'm just gonna show you
how some of this works.
Mohammed, you had a question?
>> Can we use subscribe for the input,
instead of using useEffect?
>> So subscribe, you would actually
have to have access to the store itself.
React Redux isn't gonna let you
necessarily touch the store.
That's why if you look at that
useSelector, useSelector allows us to get
access to the state, but we don't
actually have access to the store itself.
We have useDispatch to
dispatch actions to the store.
We've useSelector to get
the state from the store, but
we can't necessarily
access the store itself.
But we are getting the fact that
the one thing that we care about,
right, which is the count whenever
it changes, we can use useEffect.
So we don't have access to the full store.
So we can't use subscribe.